Add cover letter (#225)
Benjamin-Lee/deep-rules: content/cover_letter.md

Scott Markel
Dassault Systèmes BIOVIA
5005 Wateridge Vista Dr
San Diego, CA 92121

October Xth, 2020

Dear Dr. Markel,

> We are writing to submit our manuscript entitled “Ten Quick Tip for Deep Learning in Biology” for consideration in _PLOS Computational Biology_'s education section.

Reviewer: This is a good letter draft. I would suggest to add some motivation for writing/submitting this article. Here is a quick write up of what I have in mind. I suggest sandwiching this between the two paragraphs (after "We are writing ..." and before "Ultimately, we have ...":

> Deep learning provides new opportunities for classifying and recognizing patterns in biological data. While deep learning is a relatively young field within the broader field of machine learning, many general-purpose algorithms and methods shared by the broader deep learning community can be readily repurposed and applied to biological data. While we encourage the use of deep learning to solve existing and novel problems in biology, we want to share essential tips among practitioners for avoiding common pitfalls.

Reviewer 2: Small edits: "Ten Quick Tip" -> "Ten Quick Tips"

Author: Shoot. Missed that. Going to push directly to master

Reviewer 2: May also want to emphasize any prior communication with journal, collaborative nature of this manuscript etc at the beginning,

> Ultimately, we have decided on the following ten tips as being critical for engaging in principled and effective DL-based research:

Reviewer: we don't need to abbreviate DL here (no space constraints), and  I think this may make it a bit too informal.

Scott Markel  
Dassault Systèmes BIOVIA  
5005 Wateridge Vista Dr  
San Diego, CA 92121

October 30th, 2020

Dear Dr. Markel,

We are writing to submit our manuscript entitled “Ten Quick Tip for Deep Learning in Biology” for consideration in _PLOS Computational Biology_'s education section.

> Deep learning provides new opportunities for classifying and recognizing patterns in biological data.

Reviewer 2: I would change "classifying and recognizing patterns in biological data" to "for outcome prediction and pattern recognition."

While deep learning is a relatively young field within the broader field of machine learning, many general-purpose algorithms and methods shared by the broader deep learning community can be readily repurposed and applied to biological data.

> Though we encourage the use of deep learning to solve existing and novel problems in biology, we want to share essential tips among practitioners for avoiding common pitfalls.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Though we encourage the use of deep learning to solve existing and novel problems in biology, we want to share essential tips from practitioners to help computational biologists beginning work in this area avoid common pitfalls.
```

> Though we encourage the use of deep learning to solve existing and novel problems in biology, we want to share essential tips from practitioners to help computational biologists beginning work in this area avoid common pitfalls.

Reviewer 2: Are we sure we want to focus on just computational biologists as the audience?

Ultimately, we have decided on the following ten tips as being critical for engaging in principled and effective research based on deep learning:

1. Concepts that apply to machine learning also apply to deep learning
2. Use traditional methods to establish performance baselines
3. Understand the complexities of training deep neural networks
4. Know your data and your question
5. Choose an appropriate data representation and neural network architectures
6. Tune your hyperparameters extensively and systematically
7. Address deep neural networks' increased tendency to overfit the dataset

> 8. Your DL models can be more transparent

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
8. Your deep learning models can be more transparent
```

9. Don't over-interpret predictions
10. Don't share models trained on sensitive data

> 

Reviewer 2: Need to do final update based on final titles.
